hey there guys so today I'm going to
show you how to make this DIY bubble
bath costume and I would definitely
advise you guys to wear this like with
leggings or tights I just didn't have
any wet leggings are tight so that's why
I'm wearing shorts so this is what
you're gonna need for this project first
of all you're gonna need balloons I got
these ones at Party City and they're
just the little ones also you're gonna
need tape a hot glue gun a headband I
like a white ones and also some rubber
duckies you really just need one though
and then also you can use a loofah if
you like now let's get started so the
first thing that you're gonna do is
you're going to attach the rubber ducky
to your headband using your hot glue gun
and then once it's there just make sure
you hold it and I let mine sit overnight
just so that I wouldn't get glue in my
hair and it would be sure to be set by
the time that I wore it to the new age
welcome to the new age
where you're gonna take your balloons
and you're gonna start blowing them up
until you have a bunch of them blown up
you want enough so that you can cover
your body and then pretty much so it
takes a while and then what you're gonna
do is take the balloons and just start
taping them to each other and taping
that around your body so it probably
makes more sense if you just watch what
I'm doing here
but yeah basically I'm just taking all
the balloons taping them together and
just kind of forming them into my body
I'm breaking in I'm shaping up then
checking out it's on the prison bus this
is it the apocalypse together takes a
little while so give yourself plenty of
time before you have to leave the house
to do this but once you're all done it
looks super cute like I said though I
would wear white pants or white leggings
or tights or something like that
whispers just because right now it's
kind of revealing how I have it but like
I said I didn't have those things to
wear with it so this is what it turned
out as and then I paired it with some
slippers so thank you guys so much for
watching this video
but you guys enjoyed it remember that
you're beautiful and loved and I'll see
you guys next time thanks for watching
bye